docs: Add Help for team-memberships Closes #1217 (#1624)
devopness/devopness: docs/team-memberships/add-team-membership.md

---
title: Add Team Membership

> intro: Add a new team to the project membership by selecting a team and assigning a role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intro: Grant a team access to an environment, with permissions defined by the assigned a role.
```
